Right.
So the one in charge to connect with the producer is going to be the action creator just like we did
with the reducer folder which will create a new folder that it's going to host the actions.
So I'm going to go to the source folder and I'm going to create a new folder that calls actions just
like that actions.
Now just again just like we geezer's this actions is going to have an index so I'm going to say index
that.
Yes that's good.
So this is going to be really really simple.
You know there's not a lot of logic right here.
So whenever we call the action we call to a function is just just a function and this function is going
to return an object.
So since we want to call to a function I'm going to just create a function and exported to make it available
on different components.
So I'm going to say export function.
This function is going to have a name.
So whenever we call this action creator we need to call it by its name.
So in this case since we want to get a movies list I'm going to call it movies list.
Right.
And it just closes.
Now this movie's list is going to be a function.
So we use the parenthesis and then the curly braces we open and close.
Now this movie's list which is the action creator is going to return an object.
So we say return.
And then inside here we just return an object.
Now inside the action creator is going to have to things he's going to return an object with two things
a type and a payload.
So the type you need to put a name to the type and this case this reducer is going to receive a type
that is going to be moves list.
So I'm going to use movies list.
The second thing that is going to be passing is going to be a payload and again payload.
It's kind of a convention.
So if you use payload everyone will understand that you could just use whatever you know I'm going to
use payload right.
So this payload pretty much is going to be the data that you're getting from the server.
Maybe before they return you're going to do some some maybe of travel there is going to do a fetch for
example and whatever is going to do the fashion and get the information.
And then when the information is ready and the promise is sold and begin to begin to talk about promises
it's going to return this with the information that we're fetching.
You know we're not going to do that right now just to have something simple.
So this payload is going to be just a list of movies.
I have a list right here which just copy and paste.
OK.
So we return an array of objects with just three movies.
Pulp Fiction.
Pacific Rim.
I love Pacific Rim.
I know it's only but it can a lot.
And then Rambo again just a great movie.
OK.
So this actually creator whenever we call it it's going to go to the reducers and pass this object.
This object is going to be received by all that we do TSRs and the reducers will just try to search
a match up A-type right here since we have the same type again movies list and rike movies list.
There's going to be a match.
And what it's going to return it's the actual payload that we're passing right here.
OK.
Just a list of movies and there is going to grab this payload is going to go to the combined reducers
the combine reducers to the index and it's going to just set a new estate.
All right.
Really simple but we have one problem right now.
We have our action creator and the reducer.
But if you notice there's no mention of this moves to this function.
So we are not connecting them.
So how do we connect the action creators with the reducers.
Again not that simple and we don't do it from here.
What are we willing to do.
We will need to call to this function.
All right.
We call this function inside the components whatever component we have.
If we we want to use it on index to whenever the application loads we need to fetch that information
that moves list.
We go here and we call this auction creator which is called to this function right here.
And this function is going to get triggered and do all its logic.
The thing is that we cannot just call it like this.
We need to do something else.
We need to do a lot of setup first so we can assure that we can make sure that it's going to go to all
reducers.
Let's go to the next section and start just grabbing.
I'm going to grab the app component and make the call to this action creator.